I. Implementing the three piece limit
First, I believed that the easiest start would be by first
converting the game to have a three-piece limit, and then
add the movement restrictions after.

I accomplished this quite quickly by adding a "selectedGrain"
state to the Board object that is initialized as setState(-1)
where -1 is a sentinel that indicates no grain is selected.
It can hold a number 0-8 representing any of the nine squares
on the board. 

To make this properly, with a distinction between the initial
"placement stage" (moves #0-5) and the later select + move turns,
I also added two constants to the Board object, xCount and oCount,
which compute how many Xs and Os have been placed based on the turn
number.

I then added additional logic to the handleClick(i) function to
utilize this, going down the original logic if the movecount is < 6,
and executing a new line of logic that utilizes selectedGrain to
give the player a first click for selection, then a second click for
movement.

Now, it worked quite well, but I wanted a visual indication for the
player to know they had selected one of their grains. So, I added
a "bg" parameter to the Square function and a getBG(i) function to
the Board function, which would see if the i number equaled the value
of selectedGrain and return gray if they matched (i.e. grain i is
selected) and white otherwise.

II. Adding the adjacent movement restriction
Now, I believed the next logical step would be to add the adjacent
movement restriction, since I thought it would be a smaller feat
than the other movement restriction (if you hold the center, then
you must either win in the next move or vacate the center).

I pretty quickly implemented this by making an isAdjacent function
that used simple calculations to figure out if a given "target square"
was adjacent to a given "source square". I also added extra functionality
to the getBG function that leveraged this isAdjacent function alongside
checking the occupancy of adjacent squares to highlight squares you
could move your grain to with a light green.

However, I pretty quickly realized you could freeze the game if you
selected a grain to move where all neighbors were occupied. You could
fix this by using the history timeline to go back and forth, but this
felt kludgey. So, I implemented an easy way to deselect a grain, by
clicking on a grain that is already selected.

I also noticed that a glitch appeared where if you had a grain selected
and went back in time, the grain would still appear to be selected since
it does not reset the value of selectedGrain. I fixed this by just
lifting the selectedGrain state out of Board into Game, which allowed
me to set selectedGrain to -1 when I used the jumpTo(nextMove) function.

III. Adding the center grain "win now or retreat" restriction

Now having coded the code for the adjacent restriction, I believe
it may be quite possible to achieve this by simply modifying the
isAdjacent function I made in part II.

I indeed did this by adding additional logic to my isAdjacent 
function. I created a mustVacate boolean inside my function that
checked if the current player owns the center, and if so, if their
current selection is the center. I also created variables for if
each possible move in the four straight directions and the four
diagonal directions would win the game. So, I then changed the
conditions to check if a move was possible by changing it to say
not only if the target square was blank and inside the grid, but
also to see if you will win with that move if mustVacate is true.

This ended up working perfectly, and now if you hold the center,
if you select a non-center grain to move, it will only allow you
to move to a square that will make you win, even if there are other
moves to empty squares that are theoretically possible, but
won't result in a victory.

IV. A slight change for the autograder

In my original implementation to this point, after selecting a grain,
the game would only allow your clicks to have an impact if you selected
either a valid move or clicked on the selected grain to deselect it.

Based on the description given in the "Autograder Test Cases" section,
however, it appears that if you make any second click other than moving
it to a valid position, it should result in the deselection of the
current grain.

To solve this, I simply changed the deselection condition from i === grain
to i === grain || !isAdjacent(grain, i).