0. Setup

I set up my project by first forking the repository of the
official CS 35L assignment 3. I then downloaded it to my
computer using the git clone command provided in the
assignment instructions. I then found the downloaded folder
and opened the folder in VS Code. In the VS Code terminal, I
then just used the command ./helper init to finish the setup.

I. Beginning the tutorial

First, I tried just adding the Square() function from the
first part of the tutorial. This led to an error as only
one export function was allowed.

So, I disabled the given App() function by commenting it
out and tried running it again. This replaced the original
informational screen with a single square with an "X"
inside.

II. Beyond the square

Then, following the advice of the tutorial, I wrapped
the square JSX element inside a fragment and duplicated
it. This resulted in two squares next to each other
on the top left corner.

I then made the squares nine, and changed the "X" text
to the numbers 1-9. This resulted in a straight row of
squares on the top left corner. It was also here that I
realized I didn't need to stop and restart the ./helper
dev command with ctrl+c since it updates live.

Following the tutorial further, I proceeded to wrap the
nine squares into groups of three squares, each within
a "board-row" div, which made it the correct 3x3 square
of squares.

Also, following the tutorial, I changed the name of
Square() to Board().

III. Towards interaction

Next, following the tutorial, I moved out the code for
the divs making the squares 1-9 into a separate
Square({ value }) function. It looked the same as before,
but now I knew that the code was capable of supporting
interactions with this new setup.

I added a handleClick() function that simply printed
"clicked!" to the console, proving it has interactive
capacity.

I then followed the tutorial further, introducing the
useState so that its values could really be modified by
clicking. However, when I ran it, I realized the page was
blank. I quickly fixed this by adding the import
for useState to the top of the file. Now, the squares
start as blank and gain an "X" when I click on them.

IV. Making the game functional

First, I followed the tutorial's refactor to lift the state
out of the squares and into the board. Functionally, nothing
changed, but it makes the code far more able to check for
a winner in a manner that is simple and elegant.

Next, I implemented the xIsNext state to allow for the turn
to alternate between placing Xs and Os. However, it allows
a square that is already filled to be changed to the other
one. I easily fixed this with the simple check that the
tutorial introduces to instantly return from handleClick if
the squares array is already filled for that square.

Then, I finally implemented the calculateWinner function
from the tutorial to allow for the game to display
whose turn it was as well as figuring out and displaying
if there was a winner, alongside preventing further
modifications to the board once a winner was clear. It worked
perfectly.

V. Time travel!

First, I lifted the state to the new "Game" object in much
the same way that I did at the start of part IV. After this,
it did not change the functionality at all, just like the
last state lifting, but it makes the code prepared to be able
to properly store the history.

Then, I followed the tutorial to create the map function that
transforms the elements of the history array into list elements
that contain buttons. It worked fine (although the buttons were
non-functional since jumpTo isn't implemented yet), but it did
have the console error that the tutorial mentioned with each
list child needing a unique "key". I fixed this by adding
the sequential move number as each list item's key.

I proceeded to follow along the tutorial further to add the
currentMove state, which, along with the relevant changes,
allowed the game to go to a different point in time, since
it let the game actually access different parts of the
history state created earlier.

Lastly, following the wise advice of the tutorial, I just
refactored it to remove the xIsNext state, replacing it
with a const equal to currentMove % 2 === 0. I also finally
got rid of the given App() function that I commented out at
the start (the one that gives a div that tells you to follow
the tic-tac-toe tutorial).